---
id: "beps-a14-peer-review-documents-oecd-en-pack-07"
section_id: "beps-a14-peer-review-documents-oecd-en"
section_title: "BEPS Action 14: peer review documents (Terms of Reference / Assessment Methodology) (OECD PDF)"
page_start: 21
page_end: 21
pid_start: "p021"
pid_end: "p021"
para_count: 1
publisher: "OECD"
lang: "en"
license: "OECD (see source PDF)"
source_url: "http://www.oecd.org/tax/beps/beps-action-14-on-more-effective-dispute-resolution-peer-review-documents.pdf"
url: "https://yuki0717-hub.github.io/jplawdb-mirror/ai-paper-db/oecd-beps/packs/beps-a14-peer-review-documents-oecd-en-pack-07.txt"
---

## p021 (beps-a14-peer-review-documents-oecd-en-p021, pages 21-21)
20 
BEPS ACTION 14 ON MORE EFFECTIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION MECHANISMS – PEER REVIEW DOCUMENTS © OECD 2023
Obtaining inputs from the assessed jurisdiction
11. Each member of the FTA MAP Forum will be invited to designate a central point of contact for the
Peer Review and Monitoring process , and to advise whether it wishes to c onduct its review in English or
French. The peer review process will commence when the assessed jurisdiction receives a questionnaire
(“the questionnaire”) in an electronic format from the Secretariat through this central point of contact.
12. The questionnaire will be in a standard format covering each aspect of the elements, as described
in the Terms of Reference. This will include requests for information on the jurisdiction’s legal framework
for MAP (as  contained in tax treaties, domestic law and regulatio ns), the jurisdiction’s MAP programme
guidance, how the jurisdiction’s MAP framework operates in practice, and relevant statistics. The standard
form questionnaire may also be supplemented by jurisdiction -specific questions, for example regarding
issues raised by peers and taxpayers.
13. The information and materials provided by the assessed jurisdiction will be one of the main sources
of information used in conducting the jurisdiction’s Stage 1 Peer R eview. Therefore, in response to the
questionnaire, a juri sdiction should provide a detailed description of the relevant measures and actions,
with analysis where appropriate, and including citations from relevant laws or other material. All relevant
laws, regulations, guidelines and other relevant documents shou ld be available in the language of the
review. A jurisdiction’s response to the questionnaire, and any documents or other materials provided by
the jurisdiction, should be submitted to the Secretariat in an electronic format.
14. The assessed jurisdiction should provide its response within a maximum of 4 weeks of receipt of
the questionnaire from the Secretariat.  Where supplementary questions are sent to the assessed
jurisdiction after receipt of the questionnaire, the assessed jurisdiction should also provide responses to
these questions in a timely manner.  The time required for translation of documents by the assessed
jurisdiction should be taken into account to ensure it meets this time frame.
Obtaining input from the assessed jurisdiction’s peers
15. An important element of the Peer Review and Monitoring process  is the opportunity for other
members of the FTA MAP Forum that have a tax treaty with the assessed jurisdiction (“ peers”) to provide
their input into the Forum’s assessment of the assessed jurisdiction’s compliance with the minimum
standard. A questionnaire (“the peer questionnaire”) will be sent to members of the FTA MAP Forum in
an electronic format when the review of a jurisdiction has commenced. This will be in a standard format
and will invite jurisdictions that have a tax treaty with the assessed jurisdiction to provide comments on the
assessed jurisdiction’s compliance with the elements of the minimum standard. A jurisdiction should notify
the Secretariat if the peer review questionnaire should be sent to a person other than the designated point
of contact referred to in paragraph 11 of this note.
16. Jurisdictions should provide responses to the peer questionnaire within 4 weeks of its receipt from
the Secretariat. These responses should be provided in English  or French and in an electronic format.
While ensuring that taxpayer confidentiality is preserv ed, jurisdictions should aim to be specific in their
responses and provide as much detail as possible to aid the Secretariat in understanding and evaluating
any issues that have been identified. Where necessary, supplementary questions concerning issues raised
in responses to the peer questionnaire may be sent to the assessed jurisdiction. Responses to the peer
questionnaire will be made available to the assessed jurisdiction and the assessed jurisdiction should
address any issues raised by its peers in its response to the Secretariat.
Obtaining inputs from taxpayers6
17. The main users of the MAP are the taxpayers and transparency and effectiveness of the assessed
jurisdictions’ MAP regime helps provide certainty and predictability for taxpayers. In this regard, for the
monitoring and peer review to be meaningful, it is important that taxpayers are able to provide input on
