---
id: "beps-a14-peer-review-documents-oecd-en-pack-11"
section_id: "beps-a14-peer-review-documents-oecd-en"
section_title: "BEPS Action 14: peer review documents (Terms of Reference / Assessment Methodology) (OECD PDF)"
page_start: 27
page_end: 27
pid_start: "p027"
pid_end: "p027"
para_count: 1
publisher: "OECD"
lang: "en"
license: "OECD (see source PDF)"
source_url: "http://www.oecd.org/tax/beps/beps-action-14-on-more-effective-dispute-resolution-peer-review-documents.pdf"
url: "https://yuki0717-hub.github.io/jplawdb-mirror/ai-paper-db/oecd-beps/packs/beps-a14-peer-review-documents-oecd-en-pack-11.txt"
---

## p027 (beps-a14-peer-review-documents-oecd-en-p027, pages 27-27)
26 
BEPS ACTION 14 ON MORE EFFECTIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION MECHANISMS – PEER REVIEW DOCUMENTS © OECD 2023
under Section II (and referred to in Section II(A)(ii)) would be used for the purpose of determining whether
the second condition has been met.
46. A call for input would be released in January 2023 providing a window of time within which peers
may provide input in electronic form on jurisdictions that do not meet the first condition for “meaningful
MAP experience”, measured on the basis of the 2019 -2021 MAP Statistics. Based on input rec eived, the
FTA MAP Forum would decide whether a jurisdiction would qualify for the simplified peer review process
or the full peer review process and consequently, whether it should be included in the first full peer review
cycle starting in 2024 as descri bed under Section III(B) below. Similarly, for jurisdictions that join the
Inclusive Framework in 2023 and onwards that do not meet the first condition, a call for input would be
released following each jurisdiction’s date of joining providing a window of time within which peers may
provide input in electronic form. Based on input received, the FTA MAP Forum would decide whether a
new Inclusive Framework member jurisdiction would qualify for the simplified peer review process or the
full peer review process and decide the appropriate way to accommodate them in the existing peer review
process.
47. Peers would also be allowed to provide input in electronic form on the jurisdictions initially included
in the simplified peer review process at any later point of time, to allow the MAP Forum to consider whether
these jurisdictions should be moved to the full peer review process. If peers provide input with respect to
a jurisdiction or where a jurisdiction meets the first condition based on MAP cases at a later stage, the FTA
MAP Forum would decide the appropriate way to move such jurisdiction from the simplified peer review
process to the full peer review process.
48. Jurisdictions that have not filed MAP Statistics for any or all of the years concerning condition (a)
above would still be eligible for the simplified peer review process so long as no peer input is received with
respect to their policy or practice concerning MAP as under condition (b) and under the condition that peers
do not report having ten or more MAP cases with these jurisdictions. However, it would not be possible to
determine whether jurisdictions that do not file MAP Statistics met the first condition for “meaningful MAP
experience” and the filing of MAP Statistics is required under the Action 14 minimum standard. Therefore,
jurisdictions that have not filed MAP Statistics for the last reporting year being considered for stage 2 of
their simplified peer review process or fail to do so for any future year would be subject to the full peer
review proces s in the following full peer review cycle as described under Section III(B), where their
compliance with the Action 14 minimum standard in general may be reviewed more closely by the FTA
MAP Forum.
49. The procedures to be followed in the simplified peer revie w process and the full peer review
process are described in detail below. A flowchart summary showing the collection of peer input for the
simplified peer review process is attached in Annex 2.E. In addition, a flowchart summary of the simplified
peer review process and the full peer review process for the Continued Monitoring Process  are attached
in Annex 2.F. and Annex 2.G. respectively and the model assessment schedule s for conducting these
reviews are attached in Annex 2.H. and Annex 2.I. respectively.
A. Simplified peer review process
50. The simplified peer review process would be limited to a consideration of a jurisdiction’s tax treaty
network, MAP profile, MAP guidance, compliance with the MAP Statistics Reporting Framework and,
where applicable, practical application of the minimum standard, with the aim of assisting the jurisdictions
in setting up a more robust MAP programme for future MAP cases. The simplified peer review process
would commence from 2023 onwards and would follow a simplified forma t.
51. The simplified peer review process will be conducted and peer review reports will be published in
two stages (stage 1 and stage 2). Stage 1 involves the review of the assessed jurisdiction’s implementation
of the minimum standard based on the jurisdiction’s legal framework for MAP and the application of this
