---
id: "beps-a14-peer-review-documents-oecd-en-pack-08"
section_id: "beps-a14-peer-review-documents-oecd-en"
section_title: "BEPS Action 14: peer review documents (Terms of Reference / Assessment Methodology) (OECD PDF)"
page_start: 22
page_end: 22
pid_start: "p022"
pid_end: "p022"
para_count: 1
publisher: "OECD"
lang: "en"
license: "OECD (see source PDF)"
source_url: "http://www.oecd.org/tax/beps/beps-action-14-on-more-effective-dispute-resolution-peer-review-documents.pdf"
url: "https://yuki0717-hub.github.io/jplawdb-mirror/ai-paper-db/oecd-beps/packs/beps-a14-peer-review-documents-oecd-en-pack-08.txt"
---

## p022 (beps-a14-peer-review-documents-oecd-en-p022, pages 22-22)
 21
BEPS ACTION 14 ON MORE EFFECTIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION MECHANISMS – PEER REVIEW DOCUMENTS © OECD 2023
their experience on the MAP process. Therefore taxpayers (e.g . individuals and corporations) and
associations of taxpayers (e.g. business and industry associations) from all assessed jurisdictions will be
invited to provide input focused on aspects of the minimum standard where taxpayers are in the best
position to m ake contributions. The questionnaire to be used for that purpose will therefore centre on
questions relating to access to MAP, clarity and availability of MAP guidance and the timely implementation
of MAP agreements. The questionnaire will not request tech nical issues relating to specific cases and
responses should not contain any information to which an assessed jurisdiction could not respond for
reasons of taxpayer confidentiality. For the inputs to be considered by the assessed jurisdiction,
respondents shall only submit their inputs based on the questions in the standard questionnaire and
respondents will need to identify themselves in their response.
18. The questionnaire itself will be available on the OECD website and written responses to  the
questionnaire should be submitted to the OECD Secretariat. Written responses should be submitted no
later than 4 weeks of a request for inputs being published on the OECD website.  The responses should
be provided in English or French and in electronic format. The Secretariat will share the responses received
from taxpayers (if any) with the assessed jurisdiction at the commencement of the peer review process of
the assessed jurisdiction (see paragraph 11 above). The assessed jurisdiction, if it so wishes, could provide
comments on any such responses and submit these comments to the Secretariat within a maximum of
4 weeks. Thereafter, the Secretariat will share any responses received from taxpayers and any comments
by the assessed jurisdiction with the members of the FTA MAP Forum.
B. Drafting and approval of Stage 1 Peer Review report
19. This section of the note describes the procedure starting from the drafting of the Stage 1 Peer
Review report of an assessed jurisdiction to the approval of that report.
Draft Stage 1 Peer Review report of an assessed jurisdiction
20. Using the information provided by the assessed jurisdiction in the questionnaire, inputs from the
peer questionnaires, responses from the assessed jurisdiction to peer and taxpayer inputs, the information
in the assessed jurisdiction MAP profile which is published on a shared public platform and the statistics
reported by the assessed jurisdiction pursuant to the agreed reporting framework, the Secretariat will
prepare a draft Stage 1 Peer review report of th e assessed jurisdiction. The draft report will include
information on the legal and administrative framework for the MAP regime of the assessed jurisdiction, the
practical application of the framework, inputs from the peer questionnaires and the assessed jurisdiction’s
response to all relevant inputs received on its review . It shall note all efforts made by the assessed
jurisdiction to implement the minimum standard including the plans shared by the assessed jurisdiction to
make legislative or procedural changes to implement the minimum standard taking into consideration that
the assessed jurisdiction might not have fully implemented elements of the minimum standard given the
time from its adoption to the time of its review. To assist the assessed jurisdiction in fully implementing the
minimum standard, the draft report will thus identify and describe any shortcomings that exist in relation to
the implementation of the minimum standard and provide recommendations as to how these shortcomings
might be addressed. An outline of a draft Stage 1 Peer Review report is attached in Annex 2.D.
21. The draft Stage 1 Peer Review report will be sent to the assessed jurisdiction and its peers that
have raised issues on the assessed jurisdiction’s compliance with the minimum standard within 4 weeks
of receipt of responses to the questionnaire and peer questionnaires. The  assessed jurisdiction should
provide any written comments on the draft report within 6 weeks of receipt , i ncluding confirmation of
whether it agrees with the outcomes of the review. The peer should inform the Secretariat whether the
draft report addresses the issues raised by it in the peer questionnaire within 4 weeks of receipt. The
Secretariat, the assessed  jurisdiction, and its peers shou ld take all reasonable steps to resolve any
differences or disagreements regarding the draft report.
